What is Emmet ?

		1) Emmet is plugin or tool which helps the web developers to write their code for HTML and CSS greatly by using shorthands which reduces work time of developers.
		2) It is a popular web development tool  and abbreviation engine available in code editors and popular Integrated Development Environment(IDE) like VS code studio.
		3) Once we are familiar with the syntax of emmet , we can write large number of lines of code in easier shorthand.
		4) For example instead of writing a <a id="unique-link" class="my-link"></a>,

		we can write  Ex: a.my-link#unique-link  	//<a id="unique-link" class="my-link"></a>

what is difference between Library and FrameWork?

		The Key difference between Library and FrameWork is "Calling Relationship between your code to Library&FrameWork.


		Library:
			1)In Library , you call the Library code for your usage by your Code.
			2)Library can be Integrated to an Existing Project to add Functionalities.
			3)You have more control over how and when you use the library's functions within your code.

		FrameWork:
			1)In Framework, The Certain Framework code call your code for its usage.
			2)When you integrate a framework into your project, you often follow the framework's architecture and design patterns, which may include specific ways to organize 			  your code, manage dependencies, and control the flow of your application.
			3)The Framework have more control on your code which  leads to issue of Inversion of Control (IOC).

what is CDN? Why do we use it?
		
		CDN: 
		1)CDN stands for "Content Deleivery Network".
		2)It is a network of edge servers which is located at many location around the world.
		
		Why do we use it ?
		1)It is used to deleiver the content of any webpages which uses CDN to user much faster which is already stored as "cached assets" in CDn network and deliver to user.
		2)It reduces the load in origin server of a webpage.
		
Why React is known as React?

		1)React was develeped by Facebook  which is used to make the front end of webpage more responsive and "Reactive".
		2)The library was designed to “react” to changes in data.
		3)It has functionality as a reactive library for building user interfaces. So the "React" is known as "React".

What is cross-origin in script tag?

		1)The crossorigin Attribute is used for loading an external script into their domain from another domain with the support of HTTP CORS(Cross-Origin Resource Sharing)			  Request.This attribute is used to protect sensitive information from the third party when fetching out the results.

What is difference between React and ReactDOM?

		React:
		1)React is JavaScript Library used to create User Interface(UI) for Web application.
		2)It is responsible for making and managing component based structure of web application's user interface.

		ReactDOM:
		1)ReactDOM is JavaScript library which has React Eco system within it , It allows React elements to interact with DOM of webpage.
		2)It is repsonsible to rendering React components browser DOM and updating them  when event changes and state updated.

What is the difference between react.development.js and react.production.js files via CDN ?

		1)react.development.js is for development and has extra features to help you find and fix issues. It's larger and not optimized for speed.
		2)react.production.js is for production and is smaller and faster, but it lacks features for debugging.

		Typically use the development version when working on your app and switch to the production version when deploying it to ensure better performance for users.

What are async and defer?

		1)"async" and "defer" are attributes used in script tags which decides the order of loading of webpage(parsing,fetching script,executing script files).
		2)"async"  is "when the HTML document is parsing meanwhile the script tag is allowed to fetch the script from network. After fetching the Script , the parsing is blocked 		  and now the script file is executed.once the script is executed , the parsing is allowed. "async" doesn't guarantee order of exeecution.

		3)When we use "defer" attribute, the script is allowed to fetch the script files but the script is only allowed to execute after parsing of html. "defer" attributr 			  guarantee the order of execution.
