What is "NPM"?

1)"NPM" is a Package Manager and widey used standard repository for Managing JavaScript Packages and libraries.
2)Although it can be used to manage packages for other technologies.
3)"npm" is default package manager for JS and is commonly used for dependency management.

2)What is Parcel/Webpack?

1)Parcel/Webpack are Open Source bundlers of JavaScript which has lot of dependencies.
2)Parcel/Webpack are "Bundler Software Tool" used in Software Development where it combines various files of our project and opmtimise,         compress,HMR etc .. to make our app for Production Ready.
3)It enhances the performance of developed product and simplifies the distribution and management.

3)What is '.parcel-cache'?

1)The .parcel-cache directory is a folder created by the Parcel bundler during the bundling process. It is used to store cache files to improve the performance of subsequent builds. Parcel, like other bundlers, employs caching mechanisms to avoid reduce work and speed up the build process.

4)What is "npx"?

1)npx(Node Package Execute), it simply an node package runner, which allows developers to run any JavaScript Packages without even installing it locally.

5)What is difference between dependencies and devdependencies?

1)Dependencies: 
 	In package.json file, there is an object called dependencies and it consists of all the packages that are used in the project with its version number. So, whenever you install any library that is required in your project that library you can find it in the dependencies object.

2)Dev Dependencies: 
	In package.json file, there is an object called as dev Dependencies and it consists of all the packages that are used in the project in its development phase and not in the production or testing environment with its version number. So, whenever you want to install any library that is required only in your development phase then you can find it in the dev Dependencies object.

6)What is Tree Shaking?

1)"Tree Shaking" is an algorithm which used to remove unused code from our file like it shakes and remove all the unused code to optimise our app performance.

2)For Example, If we 10 function,we're using 4 functions then it removes all other 6 functions from the file.

7)What is Hot Module Replacement?

1)Hot Module Replacement (HMR) is a feature in modern web development that allows developers to update the application code in real-time, without requiring a full page reload. It is a valuable tool for speeding up the development process and improving the developer experience.

8)List down 5 Favorite SuperPowers of Parcel?

1)Image Optimisation :It helps us to optimise the images we are using for our web apps by resizing it and compressing it.
2)Compressing the file: It compresses the file into well optimised set of code even it optimises the variable name that we are providing.
3)Tree Shaking Algorithm - Remove Unused code fromyour file using parcel - Ex: If you have 10 functions , but only using 3 functions then it shake and removes all unused functions.
4)HMR-Hot Module Replacement (HMR) is a feature in modern web development that allows developers to update the application code in real-time, without requiring a full page reload.

9)What is ".gitignore"?What should we add and not add into it?

1)".gitignore" is a text file which gives instruction to Git that the files and folder are not pushed into repository

2)We only push essential and non-regeneratable code into the github, so we don't mention any essential files or folders to ".gitignore" like package.json etc..

3)we only mention files or folders that can be regenerated and not essential to push like node modules, .parcel-cache etc..


10)What is difference between package.json and package.lock.json?

package.json:
1)When we did "npm init" we got "package.json" file.
2)"package.json" is a configuration file for npm.It maintains and documents the metadata of the project like author, keyword etc...
3)It maintains the versions of dependencies with "~" and "^".
4)It can be modifiable as per the need of developer.

package-lock.json:
1)"package-lock.json" is a file that automatically generates npm modules to local system.
2)It uses to lock the exact versions of dependencies and libraries and it can be modified by itself.
3)"package-lock.json" is not meant to be modifiable by developers.

11)Why should I not modify "package-lock.json"?

1)a package-lock.json file is generated automatically and is not meant to be manually edited. The purpose of this file is to provide a detailed, deterministic description of the exact dependency tree that was generated for a given set of package.json file dependencies.

12)What is "node_modules"? Is it good to push in git?

1)"node_modules" are like directories which has packages and libraries, dependencies that we using in our Project.
2)It fetches the packages from "npm".
3)Do not push "node_modules" to github ;Because it can be generated by package.json file in the server side or where we use it. so no need to push non-essential files to github.

13)What is browserlist?

1)"browserslist" is a configuration file and library used to share target browsers between different front-end tools. It allows developers to specify a list of browsers that their project should support. This information can be utilized by various tools during development and build processes to optimize code and styles specifically for the selected browsers.